I'm not going to hide it from you.
You said tell me all your secrets
The little brother you met 22 years ago
It was me.
The reason why I practice hand-in-hand knife
It is also to fulfill the promise to protect you
Actually, I do Taekwondo
What happened to the diary of Dongfang Blade?
They stole it from me
The original is here
Did your dad come back later?
No, I went to the orphanage.
And then I was adopted by a grandmother.
The mother you picked me up last time
That's not true.
Well, he's actually an actor.
It turned out that we were looking for 4 actors
Playing on the same stage?
What if they met on set?
Hahahahaha
Unexpectedly, not only did they not have a conflict
I also went to Youshi Group to show my love
In that case
So what do we do?
Then there is only one way
He just let An Jinyan
die